Improve linking across articles for Python workflows (#220)
MicrosoftDocs/quantum-docs: articles/user-guide/host-programs.md

    With the `qsharp` module imported, you can also import callables directly from the Q# library namespaces.

> 3. Alongside regular Python code, you can now run those callables on specific target machines (see next section), and assign their return values to variables for further use:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Alongside regular Python code, you can now run those callables on [specific target machines](#specifying-target-machines), and assign their return values to variables for further use:
```

Reviewer: I know the next section is *literally* the next line, but we try to avoid directional wording, like "above", "below", "bottom of page", etc. "Previous" and "following" are okay, as "in the previous example...". It has to do with accessibility guidelines and screen readers.

Author: Thanks, I will keep this in mind!

    ```python
    random_bit = MeasureSuperposition.simulate()
    print(random_bit)
    ```

#### Specifying target machines

> Running Q# operations on a specific target machine is done by invoking Python methods directly on the imported operation object. Thus, there is no need to create an object for the run target, such as a simulator. To run an imported Q# operation, invoke one of the following methods:

Author: ```suggestion
Running Q# operations on a specific target machine is done by invoking Python methods directly on the imported operation object. Thus, there is no need to create an object for the run target (such as a simulator). Instead, invoke one of the following methods to run the imported Q# operation:
```

> Running Q# operations on a specific target machine is done by invoking Python methods directly on the imported operation object. Thus, there is no need to first create an object for the execution target such as a simulator. Call one of the following methods on an imported Q# operation to execute it:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Running Q# operations on a specific target machine is done by invoking Python methods directly on the imported operation object. Thus, there is no need to create an object for the run target, such as a simulator. To run an imported Q# operation, invoke one of the following methods:
```

Reviewer: We try to avoid 'execute' and 'execution' (for localization reasons) if at all possible, and use 'run' instead. It's not always possible, though.

Author: Gotcha!

- `.simulate(<args>)` uses the [full state simulator](/azure/quantum/user-guide/machines/full-state-simulator) to simulate the operation for an ideal quantum computer ([api reference for .simulate()](/python/qsharp-core/qsharp.loader.qsharpcallable#simulate---kwargs-----typing-any))
- `.estimate_resources(<args>)` uses the [resources estimator](/azure/quantum/user-guide/machines/resources-estimator) to compute various quantum resources required by the program ([api reference for .estimate_resources(<args>)](/python/qsharp-core/qsharp.loader.qsharpcallable#estimate-resources---kwargs-----typing-dict-str--int-)
- `.toffoli_simulate(<args>)` uses the [Toffoli simulator](/azure/quantum/user-guide/machines/toffoli-simulator) to provide a more efficient simulation method for a restricted class of quantum programs ([api reference for .toffoli_simulate()](/python/qsharp-core/qsharp.loader.qsharpcallable#estimate-resources---kwargs-----typing-dict-str--int-)

> See [Quantum simulators](/azure/quantum/user-guide/machines/) for an overview of local target machines.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information about local target machines, see [Quantum simulators](/azure/quantum/user-guide/machines/).
```

Reviewer: This is sort of the standard MS phrasing for 'more information', although sometimes it does read better with different wording - it's optional.
